django debug toolbar (#38)
czue/pegasus-docs: configuration.md

   Select the provider from the [list of available providers][providers] use and follow the setup instructions.

[providers]: https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

### Django Debug Toolbar

Pegasus ships with [Django Debug Toolbar](https://github.com/jazzband/django-debug-toolbar#readme)
as an optional pacakge. This section describes how the feature is configured in Pegasus.

The `django-debug-toolbar` package is placed in the `dev-requirements.txt` file which means it will only
be available in dev environments. Should you wish to use it in a production environment you will need
to add it to your `prod-requirements.in` file and [re-build](customizations.md#python-packages) your `prod-requirements.txt` file.

> The toolbar is disabled by default. To enable it add the `ENABLE_DEBUG_TOOLBAR` setting to your `.env` file:

Reviewer: Reading this made me realize that we should probably enable it by default in dev if that's possible in a non-breaking way. I think we can set it in these two files and that should work? Any reason not to do that?

https://github.com/czue/pegasus/blob/develop/%7B%7Bcookiecutter.project_slug%7D%7D/.env.docker
https://github.com/czue/pegasus/blob/develop/%7B%7Bcookiecutter.project_slug%7D%7D/.env.example

Reviewer: thanks.

> The toolbar is disabled by default. To enable it add the `ENABLE_DEBUG_TOOLBAR` setting to your `.env` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the toolbar is enabled in development environments via the `ENABLE_DEBUG_TOOLBAR` setting 
in your `.env` file(s). You can change this setting in any environment to turn it on/off.
```
